Copyright (C) 2016 Jesse Parnell

Trillobite license v1.3.1

The software / code defined under this license is provided to you similarly as Free Software, (refer to: https://gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html ) by using or obtaining this code, you have the Free Software basic rights that do not contradict this license, if any, and you defined as a user or consumer agree:

To hold the authors of this code as not responsible for any damages, or consequences of your malicious or "friendly" use of this code, or action taken by any interpretation of the documentation supplied. It is up to the consumer to ensure the integrity and effects of this code before it is run, copied, deleted, modified, or utilized in any way. This code is provided with no warranties, and guarantees. I ask from you to retain credit back to me if you use my code or any portion of it, [Easiest way to maintain credit is to simply add my trillobite mug signature, or a simple link to my github within your code] and leave this stated license intact and not modified. This code / software is regarded as an inanimate object, a tool, operating on natural laws, influenced by the current user and it's environment, any damage caused, by it's use or misuse even if resulting in any type of damage, you agree to hold the authors, contributors, and copyright holders of this entire project not repsonisble. The current user of the copy of this tool must be held responsible for the way they use it, and not hold reponsible the creators, distributors, or copiers of that tool. You may not redact, or modify this license within this repository / project / code / software, and leave the license fully, unmodified, as is, unless given written permission from the Copyright holder of this code / software. This license is not intended to cause a Closed-Source project to become Free Software, only the code and any portion of it from this project, under this license, has to remain Free, and it's source publicly availible, unless permission granted from the Copyright holder. This license is also not intended to be utilized as legal advice. The user/consumer must check with their local laws to ensure that an agreement with this license, and use of the works protected by this license, will not cause them to conflict with their local laws. 